c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\ClimateInMyN1.dll
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\ClimateInMyN1.pdb
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\ClimateInMyN1_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\obj\Debug\ClimateInMyN1.g.resources
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\obj\Debug\ClimateInMyN1.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\obj\Debug\ClimateInMyN1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\obj\Debug\ClimateInMyN1.dll
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\obj\Debug\ClimateInMyN1.pdb
c:\users\s\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\S\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\Sparrow.Chart.WP8.45.dll
C:\Users\S\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\Bin\Debug\Sparrow.Chart.WP8.45.xml
C:\Users\S\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClimateInMyN1\ClimateInMyN1\obj\Debug\ClimateInMyN1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
